[docs] Packed Rows (#15750)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yb-tserver.md

--ysql_pg_conf_csv="ssl_min_protocol_version=TLSv1.2"
```

## Packed row flags (Beta)

To learn about Packed Row feature, see [Packed row format](../../../architecture/docdb/persistence/#packed-row-format-beta).

##### --ysql_enable_packed_row

Whether packed row is enabled for YSQL.

Default: `false`

##### --ysql_packed_row_size_limit

Packed row size limit for YSQL. The default value is 0 (use block size as limit). For rows that are over this size limit, a greedy approach will be used to pack as many columns as possible, the remaining columns will be stored as individual key value pairs instead.

Default: `0`

##### --ycql_enable_packed_row

Whether packed row is enabled for YCQL.

Default: `false`

##### --ycql_packed_row_size_limit

Packed row size limit for YCQL. The default value is 0 (use block size as limit). For rows that are over this size limit, a greedy approach will be used to pack as many columns as possible, the remaining columns will be stored as individual key value pairs instead.

Default: `0`

##### --ysql_enable_packed_row_for_colocated_table

> Whether packed row is enabled for colocated table in YSQL. The colocated table has an additional gflag to alleviate [#15143](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/15143).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether packed row is enabled for colocated tables in YSQL. The colocated table has an additional GFlag to mitigate [#15143](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/15143).
```

--ysql_pg_conf_csv="ssl_min_protocol_version=TLSv1.2"
```

> ## Packed row flags (Beta)

Reviewer 2: to confirm, we're explicitly NOT adding these to yb-master, because of the quirk that master needs YCQL?
